 I'm currently generating over 1100 clients a month from Facebook ads. These are all my own clients. Some of these are my own law firms, some of these, um, um, uh, partners in, but this is basically me sharing everything that I'm currently doing from my own law firms. And over the last two or three years, I've taken those insights, passed it off to our internal ME Eagle Academy team, and now our entire team has these insights and or have been doing exactly everything I'm about to share with you over the next hour.

For our members, most lawyers think Facebook ads don't work well if your Facebook ads aren't working. Facebook ads is not the problem, and I hear this all the time. Facebook ads doesn't work. Facebook ads didn't work for me. I hired a marketing company. It didn't work. That's not the problem. The problem is the system.

The strategy. Who's doing it? How are you doing it? Not necessarily the source, but just how you're doing it. Well, we've craft code and today I'm sharing with you three insights. Number one, very important, which practice types work best with Facebook ads? Very polarizing. I'll either give you a green light or I'll tell you that this won't work straight up.

And if you happen to be in one of those that doesn't work. I'll be straight up with you. It doesn't work, but there are the ones that do work. It works. Simple as that, and we'll back it up with real Facebook ads success stories from our members. Some of our members will come and share their experience, and you'll also see that some of them yourself.

Number two, something I've never shared publicly. It's a proprietary AI powered Facebook ads campaign builder. This is A GBT. We'll talk about this. I have over 30 of these gpt, but this is probably not probably, this is the most powerful GBT I've ever made. And it's what our team uses to be able to create these Facebook ads and all of our marketing campaigns.

And number three, why should you run Facebook ads if you're already running Google Ads? Okay, lemme know in the chat if you currently run Google Ads or Google LSA or doing anything on Google. Lemme know if you're in the chat. Yes or no? Are you currently doing anything on, on Google?

Good. Yeah. Lemme know. LSA Google Ads. Yep. PPC. Good. Google Ads. Okay. Good, good. Lot of yeses. Well, lemme just, just give you the short gist of it. Everybody should be doing some form of Google, whether it be Google, LSA or Google Ads. But I'm here to tell you, and this is the inside that I gave two years ago when the light bulb went off, when I was do, I was doing Facebook ads for three, four years until I went out and said, Hey everybody.

If you're not doing fa Facebook ads, this is the reason why. And today, I'll, I'll reiterate the same point that I made two years ago and even more so to this day. Um, first of all, who am I? Lemme just go through this. I'm a lawyer, I'm a law firm owner of six law firms, but I'm super fascinated about living in the future, applying a lot of marketing, a lot of applying, a lot of, uh, technology and AI to everything that I, uh, do.

I see myself as a serial law firm entrepreneur. I run six law firms, including two of those firms that are eight figures. I'm also the founder of this company where you're here and we've had over the last, I believe now it's been six years, or five or six years, we've had over 1300 law firms who have joined our program, which is amazing.

I'm currently generating and have generated over 44,000 clients online. These are law firm clients that have only focused on legal, nothing else. For my first law firm, uh, well, my first law firm, I earned over 3,800 Google reviews, but overall I've earned over 4,605 star Google reviews. I've also consistently currently generate over 14,000 legal leads per month, which gives me a lot of experience about how to generate and more importantly, how to send them up.

And I'm even more amazing. It's not just for my success. All these results have been passed off to our members. Our program is backed by over 320 lawyer case studies and testimonials, and our money maker is that everything is based on proven results. We're not sharing any things up in the air. You gotta make videos.

No, we go through the motions of making the videos, of making the video ads, you know, creating the Facebook campaigns. And once we learn on our dime what works, then that's what we share inside of our program with our members. However, I'm here to share that Facebook ads experience really matters. Okay? I'm sure you and I are exposed with hundreds, hundreds of ads of these marketers who are basically saying, I could run ads for you.

Those people are, you act as the Guinea pig for them. Um, usually, you know, what they do is they may. Get some experience early on with one ad account and they try to replicate that same thing for you across different practice types. And what we learned is the experience really, really ultimately matters.

I personally manage 12 ad accounts, me personally, along with two or three other media buyers who are working on the same ad accounts. But our entire team manages over 110 ad accounts. I currently invest over a million dollars a month on ads. This is my own personal money, so that gives me a lot of experience.

Just imagine a million dollars a month of all the different creatives, the campaign structures, all the issues that come up, all the issues with Facebook, all the whatever that is. That kind of experience kind of compounds over time. And also our team manages over a million dollars a month and actively right now generating over 460 leads a day, again for my own law firms, and we're generating.

1100 clients a month, which comes out to 36 clients a day. If anybody needs social proof, I could personally show you my director's group chats daily, sharing their, uh, how many clients we signed up the day before. And again, this is across six law firms and we test over 280 unique creatives a week. And there's 42 members.

It's not just me. You have 42 members in our internal marketing team to make this happen. There's a lot that goes into it. We have multiple people doing multiple things, um, and basically that, again, that experience compounds over time. And most importantly, we live and breathe this on a daily, daily basis.

So everything I to share with you is what we live, but I'm, what I'm most proud of is living a balanced life. You know, business and law firm is not my entire life. That just enables me to live a happy life. I'm, uh, I feel like I'm pretty well balanced. I, I say I have my dedicated family time. I go on vacations tonight.

I'm actually going to Miami for five days. I, I think what's important is enables me, all these things that I share enables me to have, um, that kind of, um. Opportunity to be able to live a balanced life. And that's what I ultimately believe in all this stuff that I share. It's not about money, it's not about business.

It's ultimately to be a good person and act like a good person and be a good person and for us to reach our potential. And that's honestly what I'm most proud of. With that being said, um, let's get started. So, secret number one, which practice types work best with Facebook ads? So the way to look at it is.

There's somewhat of a spectrum, and what I did was when I started, um, falling into this world of Facebook ads six or seven years ago, I started collecting, I started creating a swipe file. Swipe file is basically just a list of everybody who, everybody in the legal field who was running ads, and I would always save the ones that were good.

And over time, I created this very comprehensive swipe file of every single practice type. And over time, I tracked who's doing it. Who's doing it well? Are they cont, are they still doing it months later? And I saw this progression over time about pretty much who's doing it and who stopped and who, who's still scaling it, who's still doing it, and pretty much if there's anybody who's ever run ads successfully in the us I prob I've seen it, and over time I've kept track.

Uh, I kept track of that trend. So what I've done for you is I've, I've narrowed down to two categories. Low, uh, low suitability. Pretty much means good luck, best's the luck. AKA, it doesn't work. It doesn't work. It's a, it's a uphill battle. There might be a very small chance, but it's probably not enough of a chance to get you to actually apply Facebook ads.

So I'll be straight up with you if you're, if you fall into that, into that group, I could straight up tell you Facebook ads does not work for you. So which ones are that? Number one is, and feel free, by the way, this training is not for me. Feel free to ask questions, and I do see the chats if I can address them.

I'll try to address them live. If not, I'll try to answer your questions at the end. If you follow 'em into one of these, if you don't believe me, you could please feel free to argue with me. Number one is intellectual property and patents. So this is trademarks, copyright, anything like that, and patents, it doesn't work.

Number two, business law. And business litigation. I do see some light possibly for business law, but you have to be very strategic and you have to be really smart at it. But generally, business law and business litigation, it's an uphill battle with Facebook ads. Number three, corporate law and mergers and acquisition.

And number four, bankruptcy. Okay. Again, to be straight up if you're in one of these tough camp to be in. Okay. With that being said. There's a second camp high performing everything. The list I'm about to share with you works straight up. Okay. It works. I don't wanna give a guarantee, but that's as close as a guarantee as it gets.

If you follow along with our curriculum, number one, personal injury, car accidents, and other specific niches in personal injury number two. Immigration number three, criminal defense. Number four, state planning. Number five, workers' comp, and number six, other golden goose niches. I'm in a couple of these myself and I also play around a lot with number six.

There's a lot of golden new go goose snitches. These are. A particular specific niches that maybe it's not as competitive, maybe it's consumer, maybe because of geographic location, but there's a lot of these where there's a lot to explore and do. But this, what you see on the screen is the ones that are completely viable and, and again, anybody who says, who has had bad experience or has tried it in the past, or whatever that is, well.

It just comes down to your systems, which is basically the systems we've been able to prove. What about real estate? Leslie I'll, that falls under low saleability, so if you don't see it on the list, it's not a good sign. If you don't see it on this list, not a good sign. And so most likely will fall under low saleability.

Probate depends, and some of these have nuances and I'll try to go through them as we go along. Family law and divorce, let's talk about that. So for family law and divorce. If it's somewhere in the middle, so I could just share with you, if you're in family law and, and divorce, Google, LSA will be the winner overall.

Okay. What about Facebook ads? Well, Facebook ads, you have to be very strategic. Okay. With, with family law, you have to niche down to something like divorce or custody or child support. Okay. And the nuance is you have to target the entire state. You cannot just target the, your city or multiple cities, and you need to have a really good intake.

If so, if you check those off, then yes, family law falls into high performing medical malpractice under personal injury. No. Unless if you're a wizard, which I, you know, if you challenge me, I'll be able to figure it out. But I would say generally just no. So no plaintiff's employment, big thumbs up. Yes, very lucrative.

And again, each of these lucrative, especially depending on your market, sometimes let's just say for personal injury, it might be super tough and. Potentially in California. But again, you gotta know what you're doing. If you know what you're doing, then totally viable. If you dunno what you're doing, you know, pretty, uh, it's tougher if you dunno what you're doing.

So, yeah, so let's just get that out. Well, don't just hear, well, let me just give you, what are the in, uh, ingredients? What are the factors? So very important slide. The secret Facebook guide, ingredients number one is. Your creatives, okay, this is where the money's made. But the good news is we know what works across these practice types, how well we currently have data of accounts that we're running, and we're seeing patterns across what works, 110 ad accounts of our members, our own ad accounts, millions of dollars of ad spent, hundreds of creatives being tested.

We can see what works. So number, number one, factor creatives. Number two is add scripts. Pretty much what you should say in the ad, that's obviously a very important factor and what I call unicorn hooks. And for these good news is AI helps us with these, and I'll actually address this in point number two.

Okay. It's all about finding those unicorn hooks and getting those ad scripts down. Number three, one of my favorites. For some reason, I'm kind of, I geek out over this is qualifying correctly and this, I see it as an art. I think I picked up a lot of experience about how to qualify correctly and I know exactly how to structure it, and it's something that we built into A-G-A-G-B-T that I'll share with you.

Number four is proven ad copies. This one is less of a factor than, than it was before, but at the same time, AI helps us with these as well. Number, uh, number five. Optimize call to actions. The good news about this is there's very few that work incredibly well for very specific practice types. We've already done the tests so we know exactly what works, especially when it comes to state planning, criminal defense, and things like that.

Number six, broad versus targeting and geotargeting. Lemme just, lemme just put it out there. Geotargeting doesn't work for the most part. But there are some strategies when it comes to broad versus targeting and how, with the strategy behind it, you know, which one do we do first? Which one do we do second?

Do we even do the second one? Do we need to do the second one? So there's a lot of stuff there. The next one, very important, a lot of people get this completely wrong, which is knowing how to budget correctly to ensure competitive ad reach and data for scaling optimization. My team knows exactly how about how we track things.

And you'll probably, you'll get a little insight about the how, how we do, how we track it, and very important about, you know, tracking it properly and knowing when to scale properly, which is crucial for us to be able to actually make this successful. Very important. Next one is the right strategy. There's certain.

Short phrases I could give to our entire team that we give to our entire team. That is the defining factor between a successful campaign versus not a successful campaign. And that's super valuable because it took me six years and over $20 million of my own money to learn these things. And I just take all those lessons learned and I literally just within a Slack message, I say, Hey guys, live bulb just went off.

Let's apply this for our members. And obviously constant testing, refining and strong automation and intake are key, but I think the most important part on this page is this constant testing and refining. What I've seen is. Literally on a weekly basis, everything that you see on the screen changes constantly, constantly.

Even for me, who's somebody who does this for a living, I'm like overwhelmed by how quickly things change. And if I literally don't give it attention on a daily, weekly basis, we're falling behind. So it's just a non, it's a constant game. It's a game that I just happened to enjoy. So I don't mind it because it's my world and I love the challenge of figuring things out.

Right. I'm kind of like a problem solver. But you don't have to because I, I do the tests. I, I figure out what it is. Our team figures things out and that's what we, you know, pass off to our members. So if there was ever a page to show you exactly what it takes to make Facebook ads work, this is it.

Obviously there's a, it's a lot more nuanced, right? I'm not telling you exactly what type of creative, some of these we have to, uh, that we do for our members, and we'll talk about that. But this is what it takes, you know, not just one thing, but multiple things. So let's talk about some social proof. Again, we're not just talking about this, we're actually doing this right now actively for our members.

DeMarcus, how you doing DeMarcus? Lemme know if you're there.

I'm here. How are you? Very good. How are you doing DeMarcus? I'm doing well. I'm doing well. I know. Thanks for you. Yeah, we were talk and me and Marcus were talking a little bit earlier. About Bitcoin, but let's talk about the subject on hand, which is what we see on the screen. By the way, let me just put this out there too, for anybody who's our members, first of all, you guys are incredible because you guys, first of all, um, take a risk, a pretty calculated risk, but you guys take a risk.

But when you guys go through the program and you guys get the result. I appreciate you guys being open to sharing those results because the same way that I was able to put myself out there and talk about my numbers, it doesn't feel uncomfortable. By the way, I don't, I don't enjoy talking about my numbers at all.

Promise you guarantee. I don't want to say all these numbers, but I know that I'm able to change other people's lives if I'm able to do that, and that's what our members also do. So, DeMarcus is a perfect example. He doesn't have to, but DeMarcus, you wanna talk it out about your results so far? Uh, yes, I can, I can do that.

So, um, I initially, I think I signed up with the program in, in November, 2023. Um, but honestly, I kind of, it was the holidays, so I just kind of, I waited until January to really look at it. I'm just, just, just being all, all the way up front with you because I knew me and I was like, I'm not gonna, it's Christmas, it's Thanksgiving.

I've got two kids. So I'm like, I'm not gonna do it. Started, you know, watching the, um, videos and going through the group, through the group calls in January and I was, so, I was kind of slow to launch. I think I launched my first ad February 28th, 2024. So technically about 15 months ago. 'cause I know on the post you said like, I've been in the program technically for 18 months, but like I say, I kind of waited to really get going.

Um, so first AD was launched February 28th, 2024. Um, I know you see that big number that I have for ad spend that's just developed over time. You guys gotta realize like that's, I didn't start there. I mean, I think I started with like 50 bucks a day or something like that. Um, just because I was trying to learn the system and working with Shaw to kind of see what works and what doesn't.

Um. And it just kind of started coming in, uh, I'd say a few months in. And I was a late, I was a late bloomer. We hired an Intaker. Uh, she is out of Nicaragua. Uh, I'm in Texas, so we do English and Spanish, uh, clients down here. Um, and so she got a Nicaragua, she, she did have experience. I used the, um. There's one, you got so much content.

There was, there was a, um, a job posting that I literally copied and pasted from you, Sam. I don't know where it was, but it was an intake of job posting. I literally copied and pasted it, put it on Upwork, found her, and, and that was that. Uh, once we got her in, it just made more sense to put more money in because we had someone who could follow up on the leads that we were, that we were receiving and.

It just kind of took off. Like I have a, so I put a value on my cases at 5,000 per case, but in all honesty, it's probably more than that. Uh, I just like to be conservative with the numbers. Um, and like, for example, and, and I don't even know how to quantify this part of it either, Sam, like I gotta, I got a referral from a funnel case and we just got an offer on that case for a million dollars.

So like. It, it technically didn't come from the funnel, but it was of the funnel, if that makes sense. So I don't even know how to, so those are not even in those numbers that are there. Um, so I don't even know how we quantify that stuff, but the, I started, started small and I've just gradually kind of picked it up.

Now I have two takers. Uh, my other Intaker, he is out of Honduras. Um, same situation. Um. And that's, that, it's, it's just, it's just kind of taken off. I, I recently hired a social media manager, which I'm, I was overdue for that, but, um, you know, I was kind of working the ads on my own in the beginning myself and, and my office manager.

And it's just one of those things to where as it grows and as it develops, I'm trying to focus more on the analytics of it, which are, Hey, you know, how's this campaign doing? How's this campaign doing? Okay, well this ad is doing well, so we've got. A thousand dollars in it, and it, it's going well. Let's put $3,000 in it.

And that's just kinda where I am right now. I had, I had no technical background with this stuff. Uh, I, my, my degree is in economics, but that was that, that's it. I mean, I, I, not a computer with, um, I had, I had social media before, but I'm, I'm the person with a social media page that posts like three times a year.

That kinda gives you an idea of my familiar previous familiarity with, with, with Facebook. Like, I'm, I'm not that guy. And it's, it's working, it's working out very well. And so now what we're doing now is we're looking at other states. My partner Mr. White, the White and Ward White, uh, he's also licensed in Illinois.

Uh, he is born and raised in Chicago. Um, and worked at the Cook County DA's office there and, and came back down here. We went to high school together in Dallas, and then he went back to Chicago and now he's back, but now he's looking at going back to Chicago. So our next step is. Developing this in Illinois as well, because we do have a license and a presence there.

And, uh, I'm looking at some neighboring states as well because, you know, I think we've got a good model that works here. And now that we, we know the model that works. Like let's, let's put this model in. Different geographical areas. So that's, that's kind of my story in a nutshell. I'm happy to answer any questions for the people who've reached out to me and I haven't gotten back to you.

I apologize. Uh, you know, it's the end of the school year. So my son's in eighth grade and he's got eighth grade graduation and all that jazz, and I'm pretty active with him. But I will get, I will get back to you at some point and I, I apologize. That is awesome. Um, amazing. Amazing. Wow. And yeah. Uh, DeMarcus that is the right move is to take what's already working and you apply it across the different, um, practice types, different geographic, uh, you know, territories.

And that's what, that's what we do. We have a headquarters in la but we just take that same structure, that same team, that same. Marketing sources, same infrastructure, and we just apply it and replicate it across different things. That is awesome. Yeah. Um, and we have one more, but I'm gonna save that one, but I'm just go quickly go through these.

What's important is, and the market's mentioned, start off with $50 a day, and that was the same thing for me. You know, I start off with zero. I literally had to, I had to grind it up with doing organic stuff until I made some money, until I could afford ads. Then even my ads budget was a thousand dollars a month.

Which is about, you know, whatever, $30 a day, whatever it is. Um, but through scaling correctly, tracking it and scaling correctly, which is where, how the market got to where it is now. And same thing for me. I just able, I went to track it scale correctly from a thousand dollars a month to a million dollars a month for ad budget and the, and the markets about checking on you in a year.

You know this, you know, this will look silly for you. So same thing. I hope so. I hope so. But I wanna address the R-O-I-R-O-I. The ROI that we're shooting for is 200%. 200% just means a dollar in, two more dollars out. That's, that's where we want to be. If you got something going on where you could put a dollar in, make two more dollars, amazing.

You find, you find yourself at Golden Goose that you wanna scale up as much as you can. So I'm not gonna go through these, but just look at these ROIs. I. That's what matters. Bunch more, Bridget. 600%. ROI, 300% ROI. Immigration. Let's talk about immigration and we could get, and I wanna get granular for any, every practice type.

I just wanna try to get through these, give you the, the meat of it and then we could also, uh, go into the more nuances through questions and things like that. But immigration nationwide, reach, okay. Emotion rich messaging. Lots of hooks to test. This is, I'm not in immigration myself, but I know if I was in immigration, I would kill it.

Like there'll be nobody be able to compete with me. Luckily for our members, it's wide open market wide, open market. That's where you see a really good ROIs all across the board. What else? Stay planning. There's certain things that work, okay. It's a trust-based niche, so it's a little bit tougher, but the the right strategy and the right way to do it.

So free guides and checklists. Leading to consults leading to clients. Okay. Statewide targeting, I'll just put that out there. Statewide Targeting, not just targeting your city. If you can only do your city, then it won't work. If you can do your state, it will work As simple as that. Criminal defense, totally viable.

Totally viable. Amazing. ROI. It hasn't even scaled it. Whenever I see these budgets, it kills me. I'm like, oh, there's so much money you're leaving on the table. I've just spend $6,000 within two days, let alone, you know, lifetime. So, um, this could be much improved. I'm sure if I look at, I, I go look at, you know, the leads, how they're generating, um, people to optimize this, to get this above 300%.

But the same story, workers' comp, low competition high, ROI, easy to scale. All right? A lot of these. Lot more these, um, Moises, uh, I wanna, if you don't mind, in about 10 minutes, I wanna hear from you, but let's get this going. I'm gonna just keep it going again, please, the, keep the questions coming so I could, uh, answer them for you.

Circuit number two, prietary AI powered Facebook Ads, campaign builder, GBT. It's a run on sentence. All it means is we're using AI to do what we do. Okay? What, what the hell is this? Well. AI plus marketing is literally a match made in heaven. I've been scaling so much faster and so much harder the last year because I could tap into Chachi, BT, and Grok to be able to do everything that I possibly do.

How do I do it? Well, I'll give you a little preview of that today. I'm not gonna go through these cool little stats, but obviously we already know about ai. We can use AI for research framework scripts, and, but the important part is you're adding your own human knowledge, your own. Input about what you know best about your niche that is really valuable.

You know the things that you hear from your clients, the things that you hear from your prospects, new trends, you know, new hooks that you hear you use, that you bring, you mix that into, uh, with ai and that gives you your videos, your hooks, your how you qualify things, your emails, your texts. That makes a huge difference.

Well, how do we do it? Well, first of all, who knows about GPTs? Lemme know in the chat if you know what A GPT is

and lemme know if you don't know what A GPT is. Yes, yes. Okay, good. Good. Well. When Cha PT announced that they were gonna allow people to create their own cha chit, I went and started building them so that the first day that we got released, I'll be the first one to release it to the GPT store because I realized I wanna be there.

Like it's just, imagine it's like Apple announces they're gonna have an app store. Well, I wanna get my app, I'm gonna get my store there as soon as possible. So on the first day, I released 30 of these GBTs. Over time. I built it, I built them. I got smarter and smarter, and over time they also became more consolidated.

So instead of having different GBTs doing different things, I'm like, well, hmm, what if I could just take all these insights and combine these gpt and create one amazing GBT that can give me everything that I need to be able to build a campaign from scratch? And that became this. My Legal Academy's Facebook ads campaign builder.

It's amazing. So let me show it how it works

and this, and we need somebody from the audience who will actually use this. All right. So

let's do it. Alright. Who is one of those practice types? I. Is high performing that would like to get on audio to test this out. Lemme know. Alright. Mad jump on audio. Hello. How you doing? Good, good. How are you doing? Very good. Alright, let's do this. Alright, let's try.

Welcome to my Legal Academy's proprietary marketing campaign builder. You're only in one AI resource to launching effective law firm marketing campaigns from scratch. I will help you create proven UGC video scripts if you dunno what some of these things are. Well, it requires a team to come help you set these things up, but lemme just go through it.

Marketing hooks qualification question, Facebook ad copies and creative elements and more to get you more clients for your law firm. And in order to be able to build, build this, there's seven questions. So mad. What type of law do you practice? Uh, immigration law in Canada. Okay. Are there any specific legal issues or case types that you want to focus on?

Um, probably like, uh, employers, like hiring workers for employers. Yeah, hiring like work permits. Okay. Yeah. Give me, uh, give me more information about this work. Permits. That allows what? That allows who to do what, uh, foreigners to work for companies.

Okay. What else? Gimme some more details. Maybe sponsorship applications. And gimme one more. Um, study permits. Perfect. In what states? We already said California number four. Who is your target client? Uh, actually it's in Canada, not uh, California. Okay. Sorry. Yeah. And who is your target client? Um, well Mo most of them are outside of, uh, the country, but target clients would be immigrants.

Really? Yeah. Foreigners and immigrants in, in Canada, in and outside Canada. Yeah. Which one? Mostly. I think right now we have most of them inside Canada. Okay. The more specific, the better. That's why I'm asking these specific questions. Mm-hmm. What are the primary specific problems or pain points your clients face gets as specific as possible?

Um, like, uh, with lawyers, basically they don't answer, uh, the phone. They're not reachable. Oh. What your clients. Oh, your clients? Well, difficult to, uh, get access to employers. Uh, paperwork. They don't understand paperwork. Okay. Uh, too complicated. Yeah. Yeah. And too confusing. Um, don't know what to do next, especially given recent government changes, whatever.

Is there any more details? What's the ultimate result or outcome your clients can expect? Um, fast and uh, fast service and um, yeah, that fast service and the quality service, that's pretty much it, that we can do like for them and apply for them and get them the result they want. Either the work permit, the study permit, always, always with these, the, it's not about you, it's always about them.

So what's the ultimate result for them? The work permits. Yeah. Quickly get their work permit. Mm-hmm. That allows them to do what, uh, work and maybe attain like, uh, the final goal is always pr, which is permit residency in Canada. Perfect. So it's just a stepping stone for them. Perfect. So always that have it in mind.

Marketing again, who cares about us. Fast service, reliable, that's just expected these days in today's market, all it is, all the stuff you notice, everything is all about, always about our clients. And lemme just do number seven for you is see if you qualify or learn more. Keep it very simple. All right, let's go through it.

Alright, so what this is gonna give us is literally everything that we need from one shot. And these are all the different elements of things that you need to be able to make Facebook ads happen, including four scripts, 12, 1 15 seconds, 12 and 30 seconds is a very particular reason why so, okay. And every single one of these, there's a lot of frameworks that I've fed it.

Pages and pages of documents of frameworks. Again, these, all these frameworks didn't come out of the thin air. They came from testing millions of different combinations to finally understand this is the way to speak when it comes to your video scripts. You know, you know, focus on the pain points, give the clear call to action, all that stuff written off for you.

Also, we need to be able to qualify them correctly. A lot of people. Basically don't do this correctly. And sometimes even if you got the right campaigns going, but you're just not qualifying correctly, that could be suiting yourself in the foot. And a lot of times people struggle with this and just for this reason, people don't get it right.

So a very simple version that we use for Facebook also give a comprehensive version that could potentially give you I other ideas for other ones it could potentially add to your Facebook lead from questions. You could also use these for your bookings. Um, whenever you're, you know, getting people, uh, booked on your, on your call with Calendly, whatever that is, some of these questions you can also use for your intake if you're not already, and your Facebook ad copies proven formula, exactly what works, the right length, right way to say it, right way to call out the people, right way to call out the specific issues, tell 'em exactly what they might be entitled to leave some, uh, kind of curiosity gap so that people are kind of curious about what they need to do to be able to get the ultimate thing that they ultimately want.

Headlines, descriptions and ad creative elements. These are perfect things to give to your graphic designer or our graphic designers to make all the different, um, creatives for you. Image ads, video ads, basically everything you need to be able to build a campaign from scratch. This is it. There's nothing else.

This is it. I could you give, you, give this to me. You could tell me any niche that I've never heard about. Within 10 minutes, I'm already building a campaign and within literally less than an hour, I'm launching a new campaign based on this. And this is the world we live in. Quick implementation, quick variation, strategically testing out different scripts, d different types of videos quickly within a day, knowing what works.

Quickly duplicating the what works coated, getting the result quickly, uh, replicating it. And from there it just starts a journey of you getting more leads, getting more qualified leads, getting more clients, tracking everything so you know exactly what's your cost. Acquisition for your cost per cost per acquisition is great.

You scale and from there, within a week, you're getting literally dozens of clients a week. This is it. So. What does that mean for us? Well, this is just, again, one of 30 of these that we've been able to build, but this happens to be the most useful when it comes to marketing. There's also particular GPD that we built for intake, um, and so, so of others.

Literally so many. And if you, and this is only shared with our current members. Current members, so yeah. Our members, you know, uh, for any campaigns that we've got built, this is what our team used to be able to build this for you. So that's secret number two. Straight to the point. Um, I'm gonna have, uh, Moises.

Moises, if you're there. I don't know if you're on, still on, think you're on, uh, vacation still. There we go. Moises. What's going? Onis? What's up everybody? How you doing? Very good. How you doing? I'm doing well, I'm doing well. Doing the do still following, uh, all your advice and, uh, making it work. Uh, tell us Moises, your story.

Sure. So, uh, I started with Sam's, uh, campaign back in January of 2023. Uh, so a little bit over two years ago. Uh, since then we've spent a little bit over half a million dollars on ads. So it's, um, about at 5 35 or so we've generated over 10,000 leads. Um, I've signed over 725 personal injury clients, and this is personal injury in California.

Uh, the average CPL is about 62 bucks. Average conversion rate's about 7%. When you look at the campaign throughout the last couple of years. You know, obviously it's gone up, gone down. Um, but the, for example, my conversion rate. Has improved over time. It started at 7% in 2023, then it went to 8% in 2024. Right now we're at 11% this year.

Um, so yeah, it's been a great experience. Uh, we've had tremendous success with it. Uh, when I started, my law firm was six people. It is currently 34 people, uh, with about 20 or so, maybe 25 working remotely. Um, and this was all stuff that I learned, uh, through my legal academy and, uh, Sam's, uh, guidance.

Awesome. And demo was this came about as your side practice type for you. Can you explain that? Yes. So I am actually criminal defense attorney. That's my, um, that's what I do. That's what I have a passion for. Um, that's what I spend my mornings doing. And, uh, right around 2015 or so, I started the personal injury firm.

And, you know, I was one of those guys that didn't really believe in internet marketing or Facebook ads or anything like that. I thought I was so cool because all my cases came from referrals. And, you know, that's what the cool people do. Uh, but referrals are not scalable, you know, um, not in the same way that Facebook ads or all these things are.

And so once I, um, jumped on the. Uh, bandwagon here. I learned, I learned, um, that it, it's just a whole nother world. And this here is scalable if you understand it. And it really isn't too difficult to understand because Sam tells you exactly what to do and you know, I mean you just saw it with that GPT. Um, so there's really no secrets anymore 'cause he is giving us all the information.

That's awesome. That's awesome. Um. Not just from that. I think we've grown a friendship from this and, you know, the light bulb ever since it went off. I feel like your, your life hasn't been the same and Yeah, I'm grateful. No, it hasn't. I, uh, I spend a lot more time doing things that I wanna do. Um, I know that, uh, when I used to make appearances here more often, I used the, the, the running joke was that I would always say, yeah, I don't do shit anymore.

Right. And, and that is still true. Uh, with, with an asterisk. I don't do shit that I don't wanna do. So I keep myself busy doing the things that I want to do, but I don't do anything that I don't wanna do. And you know, one of the things that, uh, San Sam taught me to do is to delegate. And I delegate like a motherfucker.

I delegate everything that I don't want to do. Um, I delegate to people who do wanna do it and people who are better at it than I am. And the result is that. My firm is a lot better now, a lot more efficient. Uh, we get the work done, uh, systems, everything. Um, and that's all thing, all things that I've learned, uh, here through MLA.

That is awesome. That is awesome. Um, you guys probably see a poll, by the way, on your screen if you can answer that so we know where everybody is. Um, take a moment and let me also quickly go through the. I believe, I don't think I have the results of the, from the first one. I wanted to go through that too.

Um, if our team, uh, I'm not share with our team. If our team can pull it out here, I'm about to share. There we go. Trevor and Andrea, you guys can help me pull out that data. I. If you can make a quick pivot table, that's awesome, ze, appreciate you always also being open to exposing, just like I'm always exposed.

Absolutely. You know, I remember talking to DeMarcus, uh, when, uh, when he was sort of gearing this stuff up and I remember, uh, either messaging you or texting you, uh, Sam and saying, Hey man, I just spoke to this guy DeMarcus, and I know this guy's gonna kick ass and look at him. He is on, he's on here presenting.

I remember that, man, I can't, I can't thank you enough. Like, man, like I still have the notes from that, that conversation we had that night. It's like a pinned apple note in my phone. Like, awesome man. Yeah, I'm, I'm always happy. I, seriously, I'm always happy to speak to anybody. I, you know, um, Alonzo and everybody, they, they, they send me people to speak to.

I'm always happy to speak to them and share, share my experience. I, you know, I'm one of those guys that believes that there's, uh, enough for all of us to eat here, so. Amazing. Awesome, awesome. I appreciate both of you guys. And this one last thing. Yeah, one last thing, Sam. Yeah. I wore this for you. This is XRP.

That's so funny. You know, it, it's for you, my man. I know you're a Bitcoin Maxie, but you know, I, I gotta at least shoot my shot out there. Amazing. Awesome. All right. Uh, lemme just, uh, I got, lemme ask you a question. Can you run a successful Facebook ad campaign on a small budget under 1000? Short answer is no.

No. Um, not ideal. Um, if it's, if you're in a very viable niche. Maybe, but yeah, we don't recommend it at all. I think we, we suggest minimum, actually, I don't wanna, we want people to book a call and so we could personally like talk to you guys, but yeah. Not ideal, but yeah. Let's, I'm gonna save that for, I. For a booking that you guys will do.

Let's go to secret number three. I think this is also very, very important. So important that I talked about this exactly two years ago, but I wanna stress this too. Why should you run Facebook ads if you're already running Google ads? And I, we saw in the chats everybody, you know, a lot of people are running Google, Google ads, but lemme just address this and actually used T to come up with the most clear picture that could come up with the give answer.

Here it is on the screen. If you're running Google Ads, you're hitting a much smaller market. If you're running Facebook ads, it's a much bigger market. Why? Well, if you're on Google, lemme just go through the slides, okay? You're gonna unlock a much bigger client pool with Facebook ads, okay? If you're running Google Ads, you're only getting people who are actively looking for a lawyer.

But if you're on Facebook ads, you're getting people who are not actively looking for you. Much, much bigger market, and this light bulb went off for me like four or five years ago. That's where I put all my focus and attention to Facebook ads. I'm like, let everyone else play in Google ads while I'm here, sending in my own ocean of people who are, you know, who are not necessarily looking for me, but I'm gonna get their attention and I'm gonna bring them into my funnel and I'm gonna sign them up.

Nothing has changed. Okay? Facebook's 3 billion users. They went and bought Instagram. Then they added Instagram reels, then Facebook reels, then just recently deleted as a couple of weeks ago. Uh, what's the other, third other platform that they bought out? Threads Thread Ads is now, uh, viable, is now, uh, running on meta.

So all these things, right in Meta, which is, you know, it's where people spend the most amount of time, either Facebook, Instagram, you know, these other platforms. Also, there's some other perks. It's not just a bigger market. Well, they also nurture potential clients. When they see a video, especially a good video, they're more nurtured.

They're, they kind of have a, they believe in more in what you are trying to sell them or the reason why you're trying to get them signed up. Okay. It's much different than. On image at, and you're tapping into literally hundreds of thousands to millions of new prospects who have never heard of you before.

I'm in a niche that I've been doing Facebook ads for five years, and I'm still finding new prospects of people who haven't found me. And there's a strategy to this about how to do this correctly. You build awareness and trust with educational content, and one of the main reasons why I love it so much is it's literally trackable to the penny.

To the penny. I know my cost per lead, cost per qualified lead, my cost proposition. Which ultimately, most importantly, it leads to much more scalable, which is key. You wanna find something, and this is the, this is the reason why I don't like billboards or things that are, you know, physical or traditional, uh, marketing.

You know, I could scale it much more, right? It's a lot easier to scale. It doesn't take that much more effort for me to go, you know, do get more and get in front of more people. So. The funny thing is I shared this exact insight two years ago when I did the my last Facebook ads training, and what I'm about to share with you is exactly the slides.

I just took a screenshot of my slides at the time. The name of the training was how I sent up 460 clients a month from Facebook ads. So it's kind of good to see that I've doubled that since two years ago. And I went through the same thing. I put in the form objections. I already run Google ads. Why do I need Facebook ads?

Right? Google ads already work for me. Facebook ads cost too much. I can't afford to spend money on another client source. These are all like things, and I share. Share the same ideas. Google Ads are highly saturated, very competitive. Google ads are limited. Facebook ads are scalable. You know that Not a saturated, much bigger pool of prospect, scalable.

And also after I created that Chachi VD image, I realized I used the somewhat of the same idea image in my, in my training two years ago. Same idea. And guess what? Now, after doing, spending tens of millions of dollars ever since I did that last training, it's still more true. I still have more of conviction in it.

So plan is there. If you're in one of those high performance niches, again, be very explicit. Facebook ads is where you want to be swimming. Simple as that. All right, so imagine what this could mean for your practice. Again, more clients for your law firm, predictable and proven. I hope the light bulbs have been off for you with enough social proof.

Also, we have a lot of stuff that we're doing on the intake side, which is crucial. All this stuff that I'm sharing, it's not just magically, you just run ads and magically get clients. There's a lot of work that needs to be done on the intake side. All of our members, Moises, uh, DeMarcus, everybody had to go through this.

Pain of finding the takers, managing, training them, managing them, incentivizing them, all that stuff. All that stuff doesn't come outta nowhere, but we've been able to build a system out of that. So we help you with that. Also, ever since, uh, while ago, it's six to 12 months ago, we started bringing AI into the mix, and most importantly, it gives you a clear path to scalable profits with clear insights about what it takes.

And that's exactly how we've helped over 1,260 law firms. If not, I think it's actually more than that. And we are here to help you too. And the call to action for everybody who is, especially in our high performance category. Again, no excuses. We're only booking 20 free sessions. This will be a specifically a Facebook ads strategy session.

If you're in one of those low performing, I'll be straight up with you. Don't book a call if you're one of those book a call. A lot of these have nuances and we could talk about the nuances and I could spend some time to, you know, I just wanted to squeeze this to make sure we got through this quickly.

We get into nuances, but a lot of the nuances have to also be talked out with you. How much do I need to be spending? Is it viable for me? Sam said something about, I can't target my city, but I can only take on my clients in my city. A lot of that stuff is, you know, we've, every single question and objection and thing that you've, you're thinking about, we've already heard and we already dealt with over the last four or five years, and the way to take advantage of it is to book a call.

Either you go check out your phone and you scan that, or you go in the chat. And you book a call.

Again, we don't do these trainings often, but when we do, we're serious about it. And, and I'll share three and as as mos in the markets, we're going back and forth. I'm like, what is a common denominator? Common denominator, number one, we're early adopters. Okay? Early adopters means we're early to the game.

Okay. We were early to sales funnels. That's why the company was called Legal Funnel in the beginning. We're early, we're we were literally the earliest people that did Google, LSA. Not everybody's talking about Google, LSA, or there's companies that built on Google, LSA we're early when it came to Facebook.

Ads, automations, automated emails, automated texts, you know, cha, GBT, rock, ai, all that stuff. We're all early adopted. That's the competitive advantage that we have. We adopt things early. Number two. Amongst all our members, we take calculated risk. Calculated risk. There's a reason why me and DeMarcus have a common, uh, you know, thing for Bitcoin.

And, and Moises loves, loves XRP because we study things, then we take a calculated risk. Okay? And number three, very crucial. Ego. Okay? Ego. We let go. Feeling like we gotta figure it out. Okay. I had to go through the same motions as myself. I have a mentor. When I meet my mentor, I shut my mouth. I'm barely talking, I'm just taking notes.

I'm taking notes and I just accept it and I just go do, I don't question it. I remember, you know, my first time, so many limiting beliefs like that I had, and I would always go back and forth and over time, after a couple months, I stopped. I stopped. I just, okay, whatever you say goes. And that's pretty much also, and I could bring, you know, DeMarcus MOS can say the same thing.

Just follow the system. Just follow the system. We've already went through the motions of figuring things out. Just follow the recipe and, you know, you let go of your limiting beliefs. You let go of your ego, you let go of the way that you think it should be, and just follow the recipe. It'll be all good.

So if you, if those things resonate with you, if you feel like you're an early adopter. If you're, you're calculated risk taker and will, you're willing to put your ego away, then this program is literally meant for you.